### Tips on X-plane10 methods of starting Boeing's cold cabin
by sjy 23-1-10
First, the captain checks the following three things    
1. First, adjust the position of the captain's seat. Of course, there is no need to do anything on the computer when simulating flight.    
2. Parking brake pre-position, confirm that parking brake is placed in the parking space, ensure that the aircraft will not move, do not need to do special operations.    
3. Left and right fuel control:CUTOFF; The Left and right oil control switches are set at Cut Off position, and no special operations are required.    
Secondly, after the preparation work of closing the airborne power switch is completed, the plane will start officially next. The first step to start the plane is actually very simple, that is, turn on the main power switch of the airborne battery: CLOSED.     The total power supply switch is in the upper part of the roof panel, which is on the left.
By default, this switch is in the Off position and the protective cover is on. Move the mouse to the protection box of the main switch, and the mouse cursor will become an up-and-down arrow. Move the mouse downward, press the protection box of the main switch, and then set the switch to the On position. It can be seen that the Power Information Display screen (a yellow arrow above) above the main switch is on, and at the same time, several indicator lights on the roof panel are also on. After the power switch is turned on, each display screen on MCP in the middle of the seat bin will also light up gradually.    
3. Turn off the left and right Pack switches    
Left and right pack the two switches are on the right side of the middle of the roof panel, move the mouse to the position of the two switches, and the mouse cursor will change to the form of up and down arrows, move the mouse up to turn the two Pack switches off. When operating, please pay attention to adjust the viewing angle. It is best to zoom in and display only part of the panel around the Pack switch as much as possible, so that you can clearly see where the Pack switch is.    
4. Aviation oil confirmation (Fueling) after the main power switch is turned on, the following is the confirmation of aviation oil. Here we only introduce the steps of setting on the x737-800 aircraft after confirming the required quantity of aviation oil. According to the order of Check List, Fuel before turning on the power switch, but if the power is not turned on, it can't be refueled, so in actual operation, the power must be turned on before refueling.    
5. Turn on site Power supply (Groud Power up)    
After the total power supply switch is turned on, the power supply of the aircraft-borne battery is turned on. This power supply cannot support the operation of all equipment on the plane. Therefore, it is necessary to switch the battery power supply to the airport site power supply (GPU,GroundPower Unit) as soon as possible in the stage before the aircraft engine starts. And APU auxiliary power supply. When the engine of the plane is fully started, the plane will eventually switch to be powered by the engine.    
6. Flight plan input (FMC Preflight programming)    
If the flight route is ready to start, then the captain can start to use MCDU to input the flight plan into the FMC airborne flight computer.    
